today I'm doing a review on the C flex
Cruiser we have a very special piece of
wood here because it is actually
designed by Jay Adams which is one of
the original z-boys from the total
mirror this board is a really retro
shape and commonly used in the pool
scene and early street scene in the
1780s
I'm just going to tell you a few points
about this board now start off with
wheels as you can see I've got some
really nice here back sevens at speed
bearings in there and wrapped around
that it's some 63 millimeter really soft
in seven grid you air urethane wheels
and next we have the trucks and the
riser pads riser parts of 14 millimetres
and on top of that we've got some 5-inch
rosette flex trucks on they're really
nice rate very high as you'll notice
we've got some sign that our wheel wells
just to improve the quality and to stop
that real bait and with the trucks we've
got ninth year very soft bashings in
there just to meet the Raiders needs all
the very flexible turning base
inflexible bushings in there and I'm
going to move on to the deck next got a
really nice design here tie dye very end
of the minute a lot of people are
digging tie dye very nice it is made 7
ply construction of a hundred percent
Canadian hardrock maple and also we have
very nice custom grip job on the top
there based on the sticker cut away and
if you later follow me know when you're
gonna put the cruiser back
from the extra different cars
as I said flex means all sorts of
different ones little cruisers got
donate the tie-dye theme you go for a
very plain design we've got all sorts of
different colors find them all on the
Sketchup website places me a very get
them at a hot thanks for listening is
you've been Britt